feat(SOP) : Adding sops for UPS Server (#43)
aerogear/unifiedpush-operator: SOP/SOP-operator.adoc

:toc:
toc::[]

== UnifiedPushOperatorDown

. Switch to the UnifiedPush namespace by running `oc project unifiedpush`
. Check if the operator pod to is present by running `oc get pods | grep operator`
. Check its logs by running `oc logs <operator-podname>`
+
NOTE: You can save the logs by running `oc logs <operator-podname> > <filename>.log`
. If the operator pod is not preset check its installation. May will be required re-install the project or just the link:./deploy/operator.yaml[operator.yaml] file.

== UnifiedPushPodcount

. Switch to the UnifiedPush namespace by running `oc project unifiedpush`
. Check if it has at least 3 pods (Service, Database and Operator) by running `oc get pods`.

> NOTE: The operator should  maintain the number of pods running for the UnifiedPush Server and its Database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: The operator will keep the number of replicas specified in the DeploymentConfigs for the UnifiedPush Server and its Database in sync with what's specified in the UnifiedPushServer CR.
```

The operator is 2 layers away from maintaining the pods themselves, so this is technically more accurate.

Author: 👍

Author: Done here: https://github.com/aerogear/unifiedpush-operator/pull/44
